c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\ChoixResto.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\ChoixResto.Tests.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\ChoixResto.Tests.pdb
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\ChoixResto.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\ChoixResto.pdb
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\ChoixResto.dll.config
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\obj\Debug\ChoixResto.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\obj\Debug\ChoixResto.Tests.dll
c:\users\sonia\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\obj\Debug\ChoixResto.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sonia\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Asp\ChoixResto\ChoixResto.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
